for all of their own fugitives in the desert and two ships in the Atlantic
the poison that deployed in an ocean before at all is it as we're
happy of a long five seven all over the world one zero zero zero
all I signed on as usual this while doing that what was it like there
incision is Sandiego all of all decision Long Beach California log
on usually Japan I was stationed there for years was the language and
I will call sure there already yeah axle a lot of long ago as you
figured it or not going off all of the phone there is a few editor
for California for Virginia Stephen either of the other okay excellent
off on March your bottle of one for the family and my file I could
for was at the also alter fares yeah a line you can so it has the
seats for that was in there on that job